[Music]
are you coming from kid we've sorted
food let's go with him pretty popular
dude pretty cool dude I'm saying some
reason though you got kind of rowdy at
the track kind of came at me like you
want to fight me is that talking shit
online I can't want to race me or
something they say Showtime hold CT down
lady came to CT but I'm pulling them out
with this old black and cetera y'all
know me
y'all notice cars the Batmobile right
here um
Joe let's lock it the fuck up you said
you were recently at the track has the
fuck up you driving you got balls on the
back of your car but you not standing up
like a man like you got balls let's race
heads up and maps how about you status
after me and Joe race then maybe you
could get in the seat since you thank
you so much of the man but Joe you need
to be a man and mean up and drive your
own car buddy ain't little disrespect
I'm just spitting facts you heard and
Max you told me in the video go get my
car well guess what buddy
here's in my car where's your car stop
trying to up in Joe car and drive your
car against me buddy that's all I'm
saying
2012 wines to your car yet but when you
ready Maps let's lock it the fuck up
until then Joe come see me Joe I'm
looking for you